README.md, before:

# Takeoff

Takeoff is an autostart manager for Sailfish OS to start apps automatically after system boot.

### Upgrading from Version < 0.7.0
Starting with version 0.7.0 the complete code base is rewritten and functionality changed.
All setting from previous versions will be deleted.  
You need do add all apps to autostart again!

### Supported apps

- All native apps in Sailfish OS 3.4.0.24 (Pallas Yllästunturi) and below
- Non jailed apps in Sailfish OS 4.0.1.45 (Koli)
- Android apps

### Implemented Features

- Define start order of apps on boot (still depending on startup time)
- Define startup delay in settings

### Planned Features
Start jailed apps on Sailfish OS 4.0.1.45 (Koli) and later.   
There seems to be a permission issue when starting app. 
I didn't figured it out yet, how to solve this. Maybe someone else has an idea?

### Known Bugs
- none at the moment

### Translations

- Englisch
- German
- Chinese (by dashinfantry)
- Swedish (by eson57)
 

### Donation

If you like my work you can buy me a beer:

[Donate using PayPal](www.paypal.com/paypalme/nubecula/1)

[Donate using Liberapay](liberapay.com/black-sheep-dev/donate)

Commit message:

Add translation information with self hosted Weblate server

README.md, after:

# Takeoff

Takeoff is an autostart manager for Sailfish OS to start apps automatically after system boot.

>![](icons/128x128/harbour-takeoff.png)

### Upgrading from Version < 0.7.0
Starting with version 0.7.0 the complete code base is rewritten and functionality changed.
All setting from previous versions will be deleted.  
You need do add all apps to autostart again!

### Supported apps

- All native apps in Sailfish OS 3.4.0.24 (Pallas Yllästunturi) and below
- Non jailed apps in Sailfish OS 4.0.1.45 (Koli)
- Android apps

### Implemented Features

- Define start order of apps on boot (still depending on startup time)
- Define startup delay in settings

### Planned Features
Start jailed apps on Sailfish OS 4.0.1.45 (Koli) and later.   
There seems to be a permission issue when starting app. 
I didn't figured it out yet, how to solve this. Maybe someone else has an idea?

### Known Bugs
- none at the moment

### Translations

- Englisch
- German
- Chinese (by dashinfantry)
- Swedish (by eson57)
 
Your language is not available? You are welcome to support this project by translating it on my self hosted Weblate server:

[https://weblate.nubecula.org/projects/harbour-takeoff/](https://weblate.nubecula.org/projects/harbour-takeoff/)

### Donation

If you like my work you can buy me a beer:

[Donate using PayPal](www.paypal.com/paypalme/nubecula/1)

[Donate using Liberapay](liberapay.com/black-sheep-dev/donate)
